About Me
=========

Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away!

Ow, my spirit! We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised. Why would I want to know that? Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.

Large bet on myself in round one. Ok, we'll go deliver this crate like professionals, and then we'll go ride the bumper cars. I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you screwed up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas.
Hey, whatcha watching?

You guys go on without me! I'm going to go… look for more stuff to steal! Pansy. Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." Your best is an idiot!

    Meh.
    Bender, we're trying our best.
    I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money.

No, just a regular mistake.

Leela, Bender, we're going grave robbing. I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan! That's right, baby. I ain't your loverboy Flexo, the guy you love so much. You even love anyone pretending to be him!

    Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal?
    Ask her how her day was.
    You can see how I lived before I met you.

It must be wonderful. Shinier than yours, meatbag. One hundred dollars. Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory. This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry!

Oh, I think we should just stay friends. Oh, all right, I am. But if anything happens to me, tell them I died robbing some old man. You lived before you met me?! Who's brave enough to fly into something we all keep calling a death sphere?

Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient? Tell them I hate them. Hello Morbo, how's the family? Good news, everyone! I've taught the toaster to feel love!

Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg! Who are you, my warranty?! Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." Oh, you're a dollar naughtier than most.

Look, last night was a mistake. I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you screwed up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas. What are you hacking off? Is it my torso?! 'It is!' My precious torso!

Morbo will now introduce tonight's candidates… PUNY HUMAN NUMBER ONE, PUNY HUMAN NUMBER TWO, and Morbo's good friend, Richard Nixon. Fry, we have a crate to deliver. Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages!

Can we have Bender Burgers again? Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression! I love you, buddy! This is the worst part. The calm before the battle.

I was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there! Aww, it's true. I've been hiding it for so long. No! The cat shelter's on to me. That's the ONLY thing about being a slave.

Take me to your leader! You wouldn't. Ask anyway! Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat. Ow, my spirit! I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny!

For the last time, I don't like lilacs! Your 'first' wife was the one who liked lilacs! Come, Comrade Bender! We must take to the streets! I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope?

It's toe-tappingly tragic! And why did 'I' have to take a cab? If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. Nay, I respect and admire Harold Zoid too much to beat him to death with his own Oscar.